FIX: robocopy of recommendations (#414)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/building-on-zksync/contracts/differences-with-ethereum.md

## Differences

### Use `call` over `.send`/`.transfer`

> Avoid using `payable(X).send`/`payable(X).transfer` because the 2300 gas stipend may not be enough to conduct a transfer, especially if it involves state changes requiring a large amount of L2 gas spent on data availability. Instead, it is recommended to use `call`, which follows security best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using `payable(X).send`/`payable(X).transfer` because the 2300 gas stipend may not be enough to send a transfer, especially if it involves state changes requiring a large amount of L2 gas spent on data availability. Instead, it is recommended to use `call`, which follows security best practices.
```

Reviewer: If you're going to mention security risks as important, say what/why/how.

```solidity
payable(X).transfer
```

> You should use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use:
```

(bool s, )= call{value: x}("")
```

> This converts the .send/.transfer functionality to call while avoiding potential security risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This converts the `send`/`transfer` functionality to `call` and avoids potential security risks.
```

Reviewer: If you're going to mention security risks, at least say what they are. Same as above.

### Non-standard `CREATE`/`CREATE2` behaviour

> On Ethereum, both `CREATE` and `CREATE2` accept the `initCode` of the contract with constructor parameters concatenated to it as its input. However, on zkSync, contract deployment is done via hashes, and the factoryDeps fields of the EIP712 transactions contain the bytecodes themselves. The actual deployment is done by providing the contract’s hash to the `ContractDeployer` system contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ethereum, both `CREATE` and `CREATE2` accept the `initCode` of the contract plus concatenated constructor parameters as input. However, on zkSync, contract deployment is done via hashes, and the `factoryDeps` field of EIP712 transactions contain the bytecode. The actual deployment is done by providing the contract’s hash to the `ContractDeployer` system contract.
```

> To ensure that `create`/`create2` works correctly, the compiler must know the bytecode of the deployed contract beforehand. The compiler interprets the arguments of create as slightly unfilled arguments calldata to the ContractDeployer, and the datasize/ dataoffset Yul instructions were adapted to return a constant size and the bytecode hash instead of bytecode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that `create`/`create2` works correctly, the compiler must know the bytecode of the deployed contract beforehand. The compiler interprets the arguments of `create` as slightly unfilled arguments calldata to the ContractDeployer, and the datasize/ dataoffset Yul instructions were adapted to return a constant size and the bytecode hash instead of bytecode.
```

Reviewer: **unfilled arguments calldata** ??

Reviewer: **a constant size** ??

Author: Changed in a push

} 
```

However, the following code will not work because the compiler is not aware of the bytecode beforehand:

> solidity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```solidity
```

> Copy code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

function myFactory(bytes memory bytecode) public {
   assembly {
      addr := create(0, add(bytecode, 0x20), mload(bytecode))
   }

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}
```
```

> Unfortunately, it is not possible to distinguish between the above cases in compile-time. Therefore, it is highly recommended to include tests for your factory regarding deploying the child contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, it is not possible to distinguish between the above cases at compile-time. Therefore, it is highly recommended to include tests for your factory that deploys child contracts.
```

### Differences in `block.timestamp` and `block.number`

> You can find more information about blocks in zkSync, including the differences in block.timestamp and block.number, [in this link.](../../developer-guides/transactions/blocks.md#blocks-in-zksync-era).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about blocks in zkSync, including the differences in `block.timestamp` and `block.number`, [in this link.](../../developer-guides/transactions/blocks.md#blocks-in-zksync-era).
```

### Differences in `COINBASE` `DIFFICULTY` `BASEFEE` 
In zkSync, there are some differences in the behavior of certain variables compared to L1.

> - The `COINBASE` variable in zkSync returns the address of the Bootloader contract, which is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000008001`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `COINBASE` variable in zkSync returns the address of the `Bootloader` contract, which is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000008001`.
```

- `COINBASE` returns our Bootloader contract address, `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000008001` 
- `DIFFICULTY` returns a constant value of `2500000000000000` 
- `BASEFEE` is not a constant, but is defined by the fee model. Most of the time it is 0.25 gwei, but under very high L1 gas prices it may rise.
- The `COINBASE` variable in zkSync returns the address of the Bootloader contract, which is `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000008001`.

### Use of `codesize`/`codecopy` and `calldata` in the deploy code
- The `DIFFICULTY` variable returns a constant value of `2500000000000000`.

> `Calldata` in the constructor is not empty as on the EVM, on zkEVM calldata contains constructor arguments.

Reviewer: Did you mean to delete all these lines?

Author: This isn't what my local branch looks like, will push again

`codesize` has the same behavior as `calldatasize`, `codecopy` as `calldatacopy`.
To make it works datasize of the current object is 0.
- The `BASEFEE` variable is not a constant in zkSync and is instead defined by the fee model. Usually, it is set to 0.25 gwei, but it can increase under very high L1 gas prices.

> ### Using `return` in the deploy code will not function as intended

Reviewer: Did you mean to delete this section about using return?

> In addition, `codesize` instruction behaves similarly to `calldatasize`, and `codecopy` instruction behaves similarly to `calldatacopy`. To make this work, the datasize of the current object needs to be set to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, `codesize` instructions behave similarly to `calldatasize`, and `codecopy` instructions behave similarly to `calldatacopy`. To make this work, the datasize of the current object needs to be set to 0.
```

Reviewer: What's the **this** that you are making work? Please clarify.

Author: Done!
